Update COM server and hosting samples to use new properties (#1064)
dotnet/samples: core/extensions/COMServerDemo/ReadMe.md

### RegFree COM ###

1) Install .NET Core 3.0 Preview 7 or later.

1) Navigate to the root directory and run `dotnet.exe build /p:RegFree=True`.

    - If the Registered COM demo was previously run, the project should be cleaned first - `dotnet.exe clean`

> 1) Run the generated binary directly e.g. `COMClient\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.0\COMClient.exe`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Run the generated binary directly. For example, `COMClient\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.0\COMClient.exe`.
```
